***** rooms *****
TOTAL : 358 sentences
walk : 16 sentences
layout : 0 sentences
old : 11 sentences
smell : 4 sentences
pool : 20 sentences
shuttle : 10 sentences
distance : 3 sentences
view : 5 sentences
airport : 33 sentences
***** location *****
TOTAL : 143 sentences
expensive : 5 sentences
restaurant : 16 sentences
parking : 31 sentences
shuttle : 21 sentences
airport : 48 sentences
***** service *****
TOTAL : 134 sentences
security : 2 sentences
parking : 3 sentences
computer : 3 sentences
coffee : 2 sentences
internet : 11 sentences
wifi : 1 sentences
***** cleanliness *****
TOTAL : 52 sentences
mildew : 1 sentences
a/c : 2 sentences
patio : 1 sentences
cigarette : 1 sentences
carpet : 1 sentences
***** building *****
TOTAL : 23 sentences
gift : 1 sentences
architecture : 2 sentences
navigat : 0 sentences
polynesian : 1 sentences
***** food *****
TOTAL : 58 sentences
cookies : 15 sentences
expensive : 2 sentences