***** rooms *****
TOTAL : 292 sentences
fixture : 0 sentences
swedish : 2 sentences
bar : 8 sentences
bathroom : 14 sentences
pool : 49 sentences
dimmer : 1 sentences
snacks : 1 sentences
luxurious : 5 sentences
***** location *****
TOTAL : 86 sentences
charlie : 15 sentences
restaurant : 20 sentences
weather : 3 sentences
parking : 6 sentences
boarded : 1 sentences
penthouse : 1 sentences
danger : 0 sentences
***** service *****
TOTAL : 191 sentences
charlie : 4 sentences
beer : 1 sentences
gm : 2 sentences
cupcake : 1 sentences
myron : 2 sentences
neil : 1 sentences
joule : 7 sentences
craig : 3 sentences
***** cleanliness *****
TOTAL : 79 sentences
light : 3 sentences
modern : 5 sentences
***** building *****
TOTAL : 33 sentences
car : 4 sentences
lobby : 8 sentences
construction : 2 sentences
art : 3 sentences
***** food *****
TOTAL : 33 sentences
charlie : 4 sentences
toast : 1 sentences
spinach : 1 sentences
salmon : 1 sentences
steak : 1 sentences
dessert : 1 sentences
burger : 1 sentences