***** rooms *****
TOTAL : 368 sentences
buffet : 8 sentences
television : 2 sentences
fride : 0 sentences
bathroom : 18 sentences
gyms : 0 sentences
pool : 31 sentences
microwave : 11 sentences
***** location *****
TOTAL : 155 sentences
nois : 3 sentences
bar : 4 sentences
parking : 20 sentences
valet : 9 sentences
nightclub : 5 sentences
***** service *****
TOTAL : 105 sentences
restaurant : 1 sentences
business : 13 sentences
credit : 1 sentences
breakfast : 2 sentences
***** cleanliness *****
TOTAL : 78 sentences
stain : 1 sentences
smudge : 1 sentences
wi-fi : 3 sentences
valet : 9 sentences
dust : 1 sentences
***** building *****
TOTAL : 30 sentences
thin : 3 sentences
lobby : 9 sentences
parking : 1 sentences
alarm : 3 sentences
***** food *****
TOTAL : 23 sentences
price : 5 sentences
breakfast : 3 sentences