***** rooms *****
TOTAL : 391 sentences
waffle : 6 sentences
smell : 10 sentences
toast : 22 sentences
cereal : 18 sentences
pillow : 3 sentences
pool : 49 sentences
small : 13 sentences
price : 14 sentences
***** location *****
TOTAL : 118 sentences
park : 18 sentences
disney : 22 sentences
restaurant : 12 sentences
beach : 1 sentences
shop : 12 sentences
shuttle : 3 sentences
***** service *****
TOTAL : 129 sentences
park : 18 sentences
smell : 1 sentences
safe : 5 sentences
digital : 1 sentences
internet : 6 sentences
shuttle : 22 sentences
***** cleanliness *****
TOTAL : 77 sentences
stain : 2 sentences
light : 4 sentences
maid : 5 sentences
bed : 11 sentences
insect : 0 sentences
carpet : 4 sentences
***** building *****
TOTAL : 15 sentences
mall : 3 sentences
furniture : 2 sentences
internet : 1 sentences
shuttle : 1 sentences
gift : 1 sentences
***** food *****
TOTAL : 46 sentences
buffet : 2 sentences
bread : 2 sentences
sulfur : 1 sentences
juice : 3 sentences
toast : 2 sentences
cereal : 0 sentences
coffee : 5 sentences