***** rooms *****
TOTAL : 362 sentences
breakfast : 14 sentences
elevator : 19 sentences
parking : 2 sentences
bathroom : 18 sentences
fan : 7 sentences
tub : 5 sentences
concierge : 1 sentences
dark : 1 sentences
***** location *****
TOTAL : 154 sentences
park : 32 sentences
massey : 1 sentences
expensive : 2 sentences
restaurant : 24 sentences
bar : 4 sentences
clubred : 0 sentences
***** service *****
TOTAL : 133 sentences
internet : 12 sentences
attitude : 1 sentences
vicky : 1 sentences
***** cleanliness *****
TOTAL : 59 sentences
smell : 1 sentences
stain : 3 sentences
towel : 4 sentences
bedding : 0 sentences
***** building *****
TOTAL : 38 sentences
garage : 1 sentences
elevator : 6 sentences
lobby : 7 sentences
piano : 1 sentences
iron : 2 sentences
fire : 1 sentences
noise : 1 sentences
alarm : 2 sentences
***** food *****
TOTAL : 33 sentences
thai : 1 sentences
expensive : 2 sentences
lobby : 3 sentences
tim : 6 sentences
coffee : 7 sentences