***** rooms *****
TOTAL : 306 sentences
***** location *****
TOTAL : 142 sentences
expensive : 7 sentences
eaton : 23 sentences
thecn : 0 sentences
shopping : 16 sentences
dundas : 3 sentences
queen : 3 sentences
pass : 1 sentences
***** service *****
TOTAL : 129 sentences
breakfast : 1 sentences
lobby : 4 sentences
valet : 2 sentences
phone : 3 sentences
internet : 11 sentences
***** cleanliness *****
TOTAL : 53 sentences
fitness : 4 sentences
pool : 3 sentences
towel : 1 sentences
dust : 1 sentences
***** building *****
TOTAL : 44 sentences
renovation : 2 sentences
lobby : 14 sentences
fireplace : 3 sentences
alarm : 7 sentences
***** food *****
TOTAL : 39 sentences
price : 6 sentences
breakfast : 2 sentences
wrong : 0 sentences