***** rooms *****
TOTAL : 313 sentences
renovate : 0 sentences
old : 7 sentences
marina : 1 sentences
balcon : 11 sentences
bathroom : 17 sentences
fabric : 1 sentences
small : 23 sentences
fitting : 1 sentences
***** location *****
TOTAL : 213 sentences
cab : 3 sentences
market : 17 sentences
ferry : 3 sentences
***** service *****
TOTAL : 112 sentences
bus : 7 sentences
ferry : 4 sentences
disinterested : 1 sentences
friendly : 20 sentences
***** cleanliness *****
TOTAL : 39 sentences
concierge : 2 sentences
light : 3 sentences
furnish : 1 sentences
***** building *****
TOTAL : 20 sentences
elevator : 1 sentences
old : 2 sentences
decorat : 1 sentences
movie : 1 sentences
***** food *****
TOTAL : 62 sentences
breakfast : 3 sentences
expensive : 2 sentences
benedict : 1 sentences
brew : 5 sentences